c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\UltraGov.exe.config
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\UltraGov.exe
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\UltraGov.pdb
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\UltraGov.xml
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.frmmenu.resources
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.Resources.resources
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.exe
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.xml
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.pdb
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.splashscreen.resources
c:\users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\Users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.frmconfig.resources
C:\Users\kelvi_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\kelvi_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.exe.manifest
C:\Users\kelvi_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\UltraGov.exe.manifest
C:\Users\kelvi_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\bin\Debug\UltraGov.application
C:\Users\kelvi_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.application
C:\Users\kelvi_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UltraGov\UltraGov\obj\Debug\UltraGov.frmsobre.resources
